README.md, before:

# YouTube - Mouseover Preview
Uses YouTube's storyboard to show preview images when hovering a video's thumbnail. Hold shift while clicking to jump to the time shown in the preview image.

![Preview](http://i.imgur.com/Amm71hd.gif)

## Installation
You need to have a UserScript extension (e.g. Tampermonkey for Chrome, Greasemonkey for Firefox) installed to run this script.

[Install this UserScript](https://github.com/LenAnderson/YouTube-Mouseover-Preview/raw/master/youtube_mouseover_preview.user.js)


## Compatibility with other scripts
Works with [View More Videos by Same YouTube Channel](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/370637-view-more-videos-by-same-youtube-channel) script. SHIFT+click to jump to the previewed part of the video does not work for the video links added by that script since it does not offer the video's duration.


## Credits
These two scripts really helped me find my way around YouTube's storyboard feature:
- [youtube-storyboard](https://github.com/bulutcy/youtube-storyboard) by bulutcy
- [YouTube Storyboard Bookmarklet](https://ctrlq.org/code/19236-youtube-storyboard-bookmarklet) by Amit Agarwal

Commit message:

v2
- fix for latest YouTube shenanigans
- rewrite
- include inline playback hint in readme
- https images in readme

closes #7

README.md, after:

# YouTube - Mouseover Preview
Uses YouTube's storyboard to show preview images when hovering a video's thumbnail. Hold shift while clicking to jump to the time shown in the preview image.

![Preview](https://i.imgur.com/Amm71hd.gif)

## Installation
You need to have a UserScript extension (e.g. Tampermonkey for Chrome, Greasemonkey for Firefox) installed to run this script.

[Install this UserScript](https://github.com/LenAnderson/YouTube-Mouseover-Preview/raw/master/youtube_mouseover_preview.user.js)

YouTube's inline playback feature interferes with this script. To disable this feature go to **Settings** > **Playback and performance** and disable **Inline playback**.

![Disable inline playback](https://i.imgur.com/kpx9FZh.png)


## Credits
These two scripts really helped me find my way around YouTube's storyboard feature:
- [youtube-storyboard](https://github.com/bulutcy/youtube-storyboard) by bulutcy
- [YouTube Storyboard Bookmarklet](https://ctrlq.org/code/19236-youtube-storyboard-bookmarklet) by Amit Agarwal
